
Reservations
Travel Deals
Destinations
BlueMiles
Login 
Signup
Travel Information
Bon Voyage
Welcome to your airblue flight. Our dedicated personnel at the airport and on board are committed to ensuring your journey is safe, comfortable, and enjoyable at every step. From check-in to arrival, we strive to provide a smooth and pleasant travel experience for all our passengers..


Provided below is useful information regarding carry-on and checked baggage allowances, along with applicable fees to help you plan your journey with ease. You will also find details on ticket refund and exchange policies, ensuring you are informed about your options in case of any changes to your travel plans.


If you have any questions about your travel arrangements, please do not hesitate to Contact Us.

Hand Carry Luggage
Reporting Time
Flights open for check-in 2 1/2 hours before scheduled departure time on domestic flights and 4 hours before scheduled departure time on international flights. Guests must Check in 2 hours before flight departure. Check-in counters close 45 min before flight departure for domestic flights and 90 minutes before departure for international flights

Lost/ Damaged Bag Compensation
The maximum liability for damaged or missing baggage is $20.00 US per kg on international flights and PKR 500 per kg on domestic flight

Carry-On and Checked-Baggage Allowance
Value
Fly for less with our Value fare.



 Hand Carry Bags:
7 Kg

 Checked Bags:
Not Allowed

 Meals:
Included

 Seat Selection:
Preferred Seat

 BlueMiles Rewards:
50% Miles

 Refunds & Exchanges:
Allowed with Higher Fee
Flexi
Get more with Flexi Fare, reserve your preferred seat selection, and exchange with standard fee.


 Hand Carry Bags:
7 Kg

 Checked Bags:
1 Bag 20 Kg

 Meals:
Included

 Seat Selection:
Preferred Seat

 BlueMiles Rewards:
100% Miles

 Refunds & Exchanges: Allowed with Standard Fee
Xtra
Fly with style with an Xtra Ticket! Maximum BlueMiles rewards, preferred seat selection, and easy exchanges.


 Hand Carry Bags:
7 Kg

 Checked Bags:
1 Bag 30 Kg

 Meals:
Included

 Seat Selection:
Preferred Seat (Charges Applied)

 BlueMiles Rewards:
200% Miles

 Refunds & Exchanges:
Allowed with Lower Fee

LIMIT: 1 Carry-On bag per guest / SIZE LIMIT: 22in x 15in x 8in (L+W+H=45 inches) / WEIGHT LIMIT: Max weight 7 kg / 15 lb

BAG SIZE LIMIT: Max size per bag: L+H+W = 54 inches

Prohibit Items
PROHIBITED ITEMS IN BAGGAGE
The following categories of items are prohibited in Airblue baggage:

1. Oxidizing Materials (e.g. chemical drums, hazardous chemicals)
2. Radioactive Materials
3. Poisons and Infectious Substances
4. Miscellaneous Dangerous Goods
5. Flammable Solids
6. Explosives and Firearms (e.g. firearms, ammunition, explosive materials)
7. Flammable Liquids and Compressed Gases (e.g. gas cylinders)
8. Corrosives (e.g. corrosive liquids)
9. Pressure Pack Cans / Aerosols (e.g. pressurized cans)

Additional prohibited/restricted items:
- Batteries (must follow airline guidelines)
- For full details and exceptions contact Airblue at 111-247-258

Ticket Change
Guests may change the fare indicated on the e-ticket display. PLUS not difference in the fare. The same fare is not guaranteed. Exchanges are allowed for the same sector only. Fees apply for each guest.

Ticket Refund
Guests pay the refund fee indicated on the e-ticket display. For refunds, NIC must be provided for all guests.

Ticket Expiration
Tickets expire 30 days after the flight date. Expired tickets have no value, and cannot be refunded, cancelled, or changed.


Limited Liability: The maximum airline liability in the event of denied boarding, delayed, or cancelled flight is limited to the price paid for the ticket.
Airblue
Our Journey
Corporate Information
Blue News
Careers
Airblue HDQ:
 ISE Towers, 55-B Jinnah Ave, ISB
Services
Travel Info
Flight Status
Travel Agents
Customer Service
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Legal Terms & Conditions
Health and Travel Guidelines
Passenger Rights
Subscribe/Unsubscribe to Emails
Help
Stay Connected
Subscribe to our Special offers
subscribe
Download our app to manage flights
Google Play
App Store
Airblue on Facebook
Airblue on LinkedIn
Airblue on Twitter
Airblue on Instagram
Airblue on TikTok
©Airblue 2026. All Rights Reserved.

