Airblue Help & Frequently Asked Questions

CONTACT CENTRE
Within Pakistan call 111-AIR-BLUE (247-258)
From outside Pakistan call (+92) 51 111-247-258
From UAE call 600 544 542

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Q: How do I know when my online reservation is complete?
A: Your online reservation is complete when you are prompted to print your ticket receipt. Please print the ticket receipt as indicated. Airblue ticket agents will need to scan the barcode on that ticket receipt to check you in at the airport. If you have held your reservation for payment, you must visit a payment center to complete your reservation in person by the time/date shown on your itinerary. The Airblue team member or payment center representative will then print your ticket receipt for you.

Q: Where is the confirmation number displayed when I book online?
A: The confirmation number for a reservation is displayed on the itinerary and confirmation screen, which is displayed after you click on the Pay Now with Credit Card or Hold Reservation & Pay Later buttons in your reservation process. If a copy of the itinerary was requested via email, your confirmation number will also appear in the body of that message. If you need help with your reservation after purchasing travel on the Airblue website, please call us at 111-airblue (111-247-258) with your confirmation number.

Q: Can I look up the confirmation number after I complete my online reservation?
A: You cannot look up your confirmation number online once you leave our online reservation area and close your browser. Please make note of your confirmation number when it is displayed on the itinerary and confirmation screen. You must print the ticket receipt with the barcode to get your boarding pass at the airport.

Q: How do I make changes to my reservation after I purchase travel online?
A: You may not make changes to your reservation online at this time. If you need help with your reservation after purchasing travel on the Airblue website, please call Airblue reservations at 111-airblue (111-247-258) with your confirmation number and credit card information. One of our Reservations Sales Agents will be able to assist you. In almost all cases, there will be a fee assessed of up to Rs.300.

Q: Can I pay for travel online using Airblue BlueMiles?
A: Currently, you may only pay for Airblue travel by credit or debit card online. Please see our membership rewards information about our BlueMiles program for more details.

Q: What is the minimum time required between purchase and departure?
A: Currently, you must book your flight on Airblue at least one hour before scheduled flight time.

Q: Can I hold the reservation before paying for the travel?
A: Yes. If you wish to reserve a seat through the Airblue website, you may hold it for up to 24 hours. You will need to visit any Airblue sales office or participating payment center to make your payment in person. The representative assisting you will print out your ticket receipt after the transaction.

Q: Where do I enter my Frequent Flyer number when I make online reservations?
A: You may enter your Frequent Flyer Number when entering your passenger information in our online reservation system.

Q: How do I view round-trip flights and fares at airblue.com?
A: You may go through the reservations process and cancel at any time — you will see a total fare for the dates and flights you selected before you cancel. You may also view flights and all the fares listed for those flights by selecting View Flights and Fares from the Reservations Main Menu.

Q: How do I find out about Airblue Internet Specials?
A: Airblue Internet Specials are always announced on the Airblue website. When a special is only available on the Internet, it will be displayed on the special offers page. Special pricing will automatically be reflected in the fare information in Step 1 of the reservation process. We may also notify those who have signed up to receive email from us.

Q: How far in advance may I purchase Airblue travel?
A: Our online reservation system will automatically provide you with available future travel dates.

Q: Where does Airblue fly?
A: Airblue operates flights to multiple domestic and international destinations. Please see our destination map on the website for a current list of cities served.

Q: How do I make cancellations, refunds, flight transfers or name changes?
A: You may not personally make any changes to your reservation via our website at this time. Should you wish to do so, please call our Airblue Travel Counselors at 111-airblue (111-247-258).

Q: How do you protect my credit card information?
A: Airblue uses security applications and utilities to protect your credit and debit card information. Our security applications work with most web browsers. To verify your card information is protected while purchasing online: look for an unbroken key or closed lock in the lower status bar of your browser, and check that the address line changes from http to https as you access the secure page.

Q: What type of web browser should I use to purchase travel online?
A: To view airblue.com and purchase travel online, we recommend using an up-to-date web browser that supports Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption and JavaScript. Disabling these features or using older non-compatible browsers may reduce site functionality.

Q: What is the minimum time to check in before departure?
A: Flights open for check-in 2.5 hours before scheduled departure on domestic flights and 4 hours before on international flights. Guests must check in 2 hours before departure. Check-in counters close 45 minutes before departure for domestic flights and 90 minutes before departure for international flights.