
Reservations
Travel Deals
Destinations
BlueMiles
Login 
Signup
Privacy Policy


Privacy Policy
Airblue is concerned about your right to privacy. When you visit the airblue's website and Email, you can be assured that any information you share with us will be treated with utmost confidentiality and will not be disclosed to any entity outside of airblue or its Partners.

Airblue does not sell personal information about individual members (such as name, address, and Email address) to third parties. We do not sell or rent lists of members or use information about individual members outside the scope of the airblue umbrella of services. Airblue reserves the right to disclose aggregated information regarding its members and usage of the airblue umbrella of services (such as member demographics and traffic patterns) to advertisers, partners and others for various purposes.

IP Address
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website under the Terms and Conditions of the Service Agreement. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart, and to gather broad demographic information.

Registration
Airblue.com membership registration requires users to give us contact information (like name, mailing address, and email address). Airblue also uses this information for account maintenance and will advise registrants of new services and special promotional offers. Users may opt out of receiving future mailings.

Any personal information (name, Email address, phone number) you provide will only be used to help us get back to you on your issue. We'll discard it unless you ask us to inform you of future enhancements to our website or services

Financial Information
Credit card information may be collected each time an order is placed for airblue travel. The information collected will include, but not be limited to name, billing address, credit card number, and expiration date. This information will be retained on the site in the secure environment covered under "Secure", and processed by a third party.

Your information is only accessible to you through the use of your NIC# and secret password. We do not store your credit card information, only your name, address, password, travel history, BlueMiles™ history, telephone number, and email.

All credit/debit card details and personally identifiable information will NOT be stored, sold, shared, rented, or leased to any third parties.

www.airblue.com will not pass any debit/credit card details to third parties

Disclosure Information
Airblue.com does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others without your prior consent. We may share non-personal, aggregate statistical information regarding our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and site usage with our partners. For example, we may develop aggregated summaries, not individual, reports for our partners and affiliates. At no time will we separate individuals or tell partners individual information without your consent. Airblue reserves the right to disclose any personal information to any third party to operate the site for compliance with legal obligations, governmental requests, or our code of conduct.

Links to Other Sites
This site may contain links to other sites. Airblue is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.

Updating Account Information
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided by visiting www.airblue.com. You may update your personal information, opt in/out of email updates and manage your BlueMiles account

Your Consent
By using the airblue.com site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by airblue. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post the changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Airblue.com reserves the right, at any time, to modify, alter or update these policies, and you agree to be bound by such modifications, alterations, or updates.

Contacting airblue.com about this site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact airblue at +111-AIRBLUE (247-258)





Airblue
Our Journey
Corporate Information
Blue News
Careers
Airblue HDQ:
 ISE Towers, 55-B Jinnah Ave, ISB
Services
Travel Info
Flight Status
Travel Agents
Customer Service
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Legal Terms & Conditions
Health and Travel Guidelines
Passenger Rights
Subscribe/Unsubscribe to Emails
Help
Stay Connected
Subscribe to our Special offers
subscribe
Download our app to manage flights
Google Play
App Store
Airblue on Facebook
Airblue on LinkedIn
Airblue on Twitter
Airblue on Instagram
Airblue on TikTok
©Airblue 2026. All Rights Reserved.

